#### OpenVidu Configuration Parameters

OpenVidu Server is built on top of LiveKit and offers extra configuration options. You can find the configuration file at `/opt/openvidu/config/livekit.yaml`. Additional parameters for configuring OpenVidu Server are:

```yaml
openvidu:
    license: <YOUR_OPENVIDU_PRO_LICENSE> # (1)
    cluster_id: <YOUR_DOMAIN_NAME> # (2)
    analytics: # (3)
        enabled: true # (4)
        interval: 10s # (5)
        expiration: 768h # (6)
        mongo_url: <MONGO_URL> # (7)
    rtc:
        engine: pion # (8)
    mediasoup:
        debug: "" # (9)
        log_level: error # (10)
        log_tags: [info, ice, rtp, rtcp, message] # (11)
```

1. Specify your OpenVidu Pro license key. If you don't have one, you can request one [here](https://openvidu.io/account){:target=_blank}.
2. The cluster ID for the OpenVidu deployment. It is configured by default by OpenVidu Installer with the domain name of the deployment.
3. The `analytics` configuration should be defined at the `openvidu` level in the `livekit.yaml` file.
4. This must be set to `true` to send analytics data to MongoDB. If set to `false`, no analytics data will be sent.
5. Time interval to send analytics data to MongoDB.
6. Time to keep the analytics data in MongoDB. In this example, it is set to 32 days.
7. MongoDB URL. This is the connection string to the MongoDB database where the analytics data will be stored.
8. The `rtc.engine` parameter is set to `pion` by default. This is the WebRTC engine used by OpenVidu. Depending on your requirements, you can use:
    - `pion`
    - `mediasoup`
9. Global toggle to enable debugging logs from MediaSoup. In most debugging cases, using just an asterisk ("*") here is enough, but this can be fine-tuned for specific log levels. [More info](https://mediasoup.org/documentation/v3/mediasoup/debugging/){:target=_blank}.
    - Default is an empty string.
10. Logging level for logs generated by MediaSoup. [More info](https://mediasoup.org/documentation/v3/mediasoup/debugging/){:target=_blank}.
    - Valid values are: `debug`, `warn`, `error`, `none`.
    - Default is `error`.
11. Comma-separated list of log tag names, for debugging. [More info](https://mediasoup.org/documentation/v3/mediasoup/debugging/){:target=_blank}.
    - Valid values are: `info`, `ice`, `dtls`, `rtp`, `srtp`, `rtcp`, `rtx`, `bwe`, `score`, `simulcast`, `svc`, `sctp`, `message`.
    - Default is `[info, ice, rtp, rtcp, message]`.
